com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AUS = Australia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AUT = Austria
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AZE = Azerbaijan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ALA = Åland Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ALB = Albania
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DZA = Algeria
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VIR = Virgin Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ASM = American Samoa
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AIA = Anguilla
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AGO = Angola
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AND = Andorra
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ANT = Netherlands Antilles
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ATA = Antarctica
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ATG = Antigua and Barbuda
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ARG = Argentina
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ARM = Armenia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ABW = Aruba
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.AFG = Afghanistan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BHS = The Bahamas
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BGD = Bangladesh
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BRB = Barbados
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BHR = Bahrain
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BLZ = Belize
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BLR = Belarus
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BEL = Belgium
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BEN = Benin
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BMU = Bermuda
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BGR = Bulgaria
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BOL = Bolivia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BES = Caribbean Netherlands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BIH = Bosnia and Herzegovina
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BWA = Botswana
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BRA = Brazil
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IOT = British Indian Ocean Territory
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VGB = British Virgin Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BRN = Brunei
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BFA = Burkina Faso
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BDI = Burundi
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BTN = Bhutan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VUT = Vanuatu
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VAT = Holy See (Vatican City)
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GBR = United Kingdom
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HUN = Hungary
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VEN = Venezuela
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.UMI = United States Minor Outlying Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TLS = Timor-Leste
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VNM = Vietnam
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GAB = Gabon
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HTI = Haiti
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GUY = Guyana
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GMB = The Gambia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GHA = Ghana
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GLP = Guadeloupe
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GTM = Guatemala
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GUF = French Guiana
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GIN = Guinea
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GNB = Guinea-Bissau
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DEU = Germany
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GGY = Guernsey
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GIB = Gibraltar
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HND = Honduras
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HKG = Hong Kong
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GRD = Grenada
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GRL = Greenland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GRC = Greece
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GEO = Georgia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GUM = Guam
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DNK = Denmark
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.JEY = Jersey
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DJI = Djibouti
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DMA = Dominica
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.DOM = Dominican Republic
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.COD = Democratic Republic of the Congo
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.EGY = Egypt
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ZMB = Zambia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ESH = Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ZWE = Zimbabwe
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ISR = Israel
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IND = India
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IDN = Indonesia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.JOR = Jordan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IRQ = Iraq
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IRN = Iran
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IRL = Ireland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ISL = Iceland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ESP = Spain
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ITA = Italy
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.YEM = Yemen
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CPV = Cape Verde
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KAZ = Kazakhstan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CYM = Cayman Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KHM = Cambodia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CMR = Cameroon
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CAN = Canada
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.QAT = Qatar
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KEN = Kenya
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CYP = Cyprus
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KGZ = Kyrgyzstan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KIR = Kiribati
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TWN = Taiwan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PRK = Korea, North
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CHN = China
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CCK = Cocos (Keeling) Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.COL = Colombia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.COM = Comoros
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CRI = Costa Rica
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CIV = Cote d’Ivoire
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CUB = Cuba
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KWT = Kuwait
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CUW = Curaçao
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LAO = Laos
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LVA = Latvia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LSO = Lesotho
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LBR = Liberia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LBN = Lebanon
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LBY = Libya
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LTU = Lithuania
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LIE = Liechtenstein
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LUX = Luxembourg
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MUS = Mauritius
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MRT = Mauritania
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MDG = Madagascar
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MYT = Mayotte
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MAC = Macau
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MKD = Macedonia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MWI = Malawi
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MYS = Malaysia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MLI = Mali
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MDV = Maldives
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MLT = Malta
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MAR = Morocco
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MTQ = Martinique
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MHL = Marshall Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MEX = Mexico
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FSM = Micronesia, Federated States of
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MOZ = Mozambique
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MDA = Moldova
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MCO = Monaco
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MNG = Mongolia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MSR = Montserrat
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MMR = Burma
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NAM = Namibia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NRU = Nauru
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NPL = Nepal
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NER = Niger
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NGA = Nigeria
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NLD = Netherlands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NIC = Nicaragua
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NIU = Niue
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NZL = New Zealand
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NCL = New Caledonia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NOR = Norway
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ARE = United Arab Emirates
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.OMN = Oman
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BVT = Bouvet Island
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.IMN = Isle of Man
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.COK = Cook Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.NFK = Norfolk Island
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CXR = Christmas Island
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PCN = Pitcairn
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SHN = Saint Helena
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PAK = Pakistan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PLW = Palau
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PSE = Palestinian Territory, Occupied
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PAN = Panama
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PNG = Papua New Guinea
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PRY = Paraguay
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PER = Peru
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.POL = Poland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PRT = Portugal
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PRI = Puerto Rico
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.COG = Republic of the Congo
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KOR = Korea, South
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.REU = Reunion
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.RUS = Russia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.RWA = Rwanda
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ROU = Romania
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SLV = El Salvador
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.WSM = Samoa
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SMR = San Marino
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.STP = Sao Tome and Principe
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SAU = Saudi Arabia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SWZ = Swaziland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MNP = Northern Mariana Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SYC = Seychelles
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.BLM = Saint Barthélemy
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MAF = Saint Martin
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SPM = Saint Pierre and Miquelon
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SEN = Senegal
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.VCT = Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.KNA = Saint Kitts and Nevis
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LCA = Saint Lucia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SRB = Serbia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SGP = Singapore
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SXM = Sint Maarten
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SYR = Syria
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SVK = Slovakia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SVN = Slovenia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SLB = Solomon Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SOM = Somalia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SDN = Sudan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SUN = Soviet Union
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SUR = Suriname
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.USA = United States
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SLE = Sierra Leone
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TJK = Tajikistan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.THA = Thailand
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TZA = Tanzania
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TCA = Turks and Caicos Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TGO = Togo
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TKL = Tokelau
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TON = Tonga
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TTO = Trinidad and Tobago
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TUV = Tuvalu
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TUN = Tunisia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TKM = Turkmenistan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TUR = Turkey
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.UGA = Uganda
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.UZB = Uzbekistan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.UKR = Ukraine
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.WLF = Wallis and Futuna
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.URY = Uruguay
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FRO = Faroe Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FJI = Fiji
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PHL = Philippines
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FIN = Finland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FLK = Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.FRA = France
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.PYF = French Polynesia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ATF = French Southern and Antarctic Lands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HMD = Heard Island and McDonald Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.HRV = Croatia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CAF = Central African Republic
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.TCD = Chad
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.MNE = Montenegro
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CZE = Czech Republic
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CHL = Chile
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.CHE = Switzerland
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SWE = Sweden
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SJM = Svalbard and Jan Mayen
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.LKA = Sri Lanka
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ECU = Ecuador
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.GNQ = Equatorial Guinea
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ERI = Eritrea
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.EST = Estonia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ETH = Ethiopia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.ZAF = South Africa
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SGS = South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.SSD = South Sudan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.JAM = Jamaica
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.JPN = Japan
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.YUG = Yugoslavia
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.XKX = Kosovo
com.lapsa.international.country.Country.OTHR = Other

com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.RUSSIAN = Russian
com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.ENGLISH = English
com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.KAZAKH = Kazakh

com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.RUSSIAN.short = рус
com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.ENGLISH.short = eng
com.lapsa.international.localization.LocalizationLanguage.KAZAKH.short = қаз

com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.FAX = fax number
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.HOME = home phone number
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.MAIN = telephne
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.MOBILE = mobile phone
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.WORK = work phone

com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.FAX.short = fax
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.HOME.short = home
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.MAIN.short = tel.
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.MOBILE.short = mob.
com.lapsa.international.phone.PhoneType.WORK.short = work
